no worries egghead who's gonna get a
face
Oh
oh come on
you can jump higher than that dude
you're not gonna believe this I know a
blue hedgehog and chews can you believe
that shit no there's a bunch of dead
guys walking around eating people so
they're eating them alive so and then
they turn into more of them so I let
them call you gay ah they got a die yeah
let's go on a zombie on where the hell
are we gonna find weapons at this time
of night oh don't worry I know a guy
welcome stranger
what are your Boyan what would you
recommend for killing the undead I've
got a selection of good things on sale
strings yeah what about that one guns
not just about you it's about reload and
you'll know what I'm talking about
I'll give you 40 coins for it
not enough cash stranger Oh what the
hell are you doing I don't have enough
money to buy a gun besides it's a zombie
invasion who cares about some creepy
black market merchant now grab all the
guns you can and quit your bitching oh
shit there are some now I'm a zombie now
ah wait a minute zombies can't talk oh
okay
shoot the damn thing already
why the fuck didn't you aim for the head
I've never used a gun before what do you
expect maybe that's why we can't kill
Mario they're still coming rather slowly
all right I got now why didn't I think
of that cuz you're free committee you
pass I think we should get out of here
yeah well we're surrounded I'm out of
ammo for the cannon well improvise at
times like these we should have a
trigger finger just use your head oh I
guess that's not what I meant
are you are you serious yeah man
shooting yourself out of a cannon into a
horde of zombies putting fucking
retarded well it worked didn't it
alright I'll give you that I think we
should find a place to hide yeah
well just where do you think we should
go exactly everyone is a fucking zombie
I'm sure there are some survivors we
should go find them oh oh he's the
undead and a zombie oh shit I'm sorry
wait why aren't they coming after you
with a skeleton rocket
we're gonna eat Touche so why did you
sneak up on us what you to talk to there
are also five bees in a castle
overlooking a pond you guys should fit
over there and look at them what you're
not coming with us
yeah but I think I'll stay here what
about with the zombies but really nice
would get preferable be much fun well
thanks for the info
come on Hal let's go I'm away oh thank
goodness we found you all what the hell
is happening out there I know what
happened I've seen it with my own eyes
man
it all started with this corporation
called parasol wait do you mean the evil
corporation that does genetic
experiments for the military no the one
that makes umbrellas you see they were
trying to create the best umbrella in
the world one that could repair itself
if it was torn but something went
terribly wrong the umbrellas became
self-aware and escaped spreading their P
virus to everything they did loads of
bug little shit yeah you got a better
one
yeah I do it's obviously the powers
rapture is upon us the devil's minions
of comes
you know I think he's anxious wait what
was that
this me motherfuckers now you know why
I'm awesome hey you know it's not so bad
I mean look at the perks don't feel pain
eternal life and all the flesh that we
could eat yeah well I just wish I wasn't
decaying so much we totally smell like
ass are you gonna finish that leg